You are in trouble like a slaughterhouse
It's only going to get better.
Where did you get your revenge?
Dare to question me
Go away
I mean assistant
Do you want to kill the lady of the world?
Don't get it.
As soon as you say it, you start to complain
Is something wrong with you?
Just want to be in the limelight
You have to divide the occasion
It's your say
Right. So you said you would see a doctor?
Then tell me what's wrong with my wife
The lady was poisoned with mercury before
After applying cosmetics, the fire and cold poison broke out.
He will become like this
Nonsense
This is obviously the disease of cold poison
Sagittarius, my Fan family is a medical family
I can't get that wrong. Okay.
That's going to take a lifetime
You have to think about it.
Your ointment is a cure for cold poison
If slaughtered
My cold poison will only get worse
Sister Xiong, it's okay if you don't have the ability.
Stop pointing fingers
That being the case
Harem conceit
Oops oops
Ahhhhh
How could this be?